#Impatiently, Samantha walked ahead, leading out in front of everyone else on the trail. The ferns and bushes on the sides of the trail sometimes brushed against her as she walked, but she was careful to avoid stinger nettles. She moved uphill and around rocks along the trail with a rhythm in her step that made her feel light and deer-like. She often looked at the vistas on the sides of the trail, or the colorful purple flowers growing on the edges.

##Although she enjoyed the scenery, truth be told, hiking bored her a little. Her mother had made her come. What can a twelve year old really do? Your family is going, your mother and brothers are packing the car and everyone is calling your name to get in.

###Samantha would have preferred to stay home and study music. That was her gift – songs and melodies. She could hear constant music in her head, not in any demented way, but during church even after the hymns, she would continue them in her head, imagining the speaker singing a solo through a complicated high and low pitch, or hear a group of children singing in the halls, or in nursery. It was better to imagine music because church was rather dull. All that sitting and being instructed.

At least here, on the trail, which seemed to continue indefinitely into the distance, she could make her own choices, and she could sing whatever silly songs she wanted. There wasn’t a teacher or parent guiding her every decision and thought. She felt a freedom that was liberating. The more alone she felt, the freer everything seemed.

Her mother and brothers were so far back, she couldn’t hear them, not even when she stopped. She could only hear stillness and look out at the blanket of green in front and on the sides of her. She paused, took a deep breath, and listened. In the distance, she could hear nothing, and so she closed her eyes and listened more. Maybe if she listened closely enough, she could hear music out here too, in the woods. What music did the forest make, she tried to determine. Although she concentrated for a sign, the only sound was the swaying the tree branches in the wind.

She began walking again, and started humming a tune. She liked to keep her eyes closed while she walked, so she could feel the surroundings. When you close your eyes, your hearing sharpens. Your body magnifies the active senses. She couldn’t keep her eyes closed too long without tripping on rocks or tree roots, so she squinted, and listened. She hummed what she imagined could be the song of the earth, the ground awakening. Her hum was a slow soft hum that increased more and more as the dust awoke. In her mind she imagined a soft, slow swirling cloud of dust rising from the ground — the earth awakening. What sounds would this awakening make?
